####
I need a web page that mimics the aesthetic of that old book page 
— aged paper background, vintage printing press typography, 
and a similar layout. 
Let me check the frontend design guidelines first.

Good call — old wood-pulp paper had visible fiber strands, 
tiny dark specks (undigested wood bits), 
and an uneven, slightly rough surface.


###

also by putting inside the content section 
- we have lost the right side section of the original page 
- what can done?
- what is the best place or alternative to display those options?


one thing 
- all the chapters now showing but some 
chapaters has placeholder values like saying, 
it is empty, start writing. does it mean you have lost the page text in conversion? only chapter iii has proper restored text.

where is the save button?

dont' move original.

Write
Plot
Bible
Cover
Publish

lets take a copy of these book side menu options and put them outside the book
but still inside the our main apps - content section.
but use the css style of inkwell.html.


##############


if nav menu side is not collapsed 
then i can't see the book's own sidebar. 
either we need to auto hide our nav menu side bar 
or make it responsive to make the 
book's content section responsive and smaller. 
i think, making it responsive is 
much better option then 
user can hide the our nav menu side bar. 

what do you think?

it is not responsive yet. book's sidebar 
not visible when nav menu sidebar expanded. 
it is only visible when nav menu sidebar collapsed.

Book editing,
showing text saving, after typing something.
then if i go to different page 
and come back then it restores original,
not edited text.

on open, 
chapter iii is default, why?
okay, then not a problem. 
is it possible to save the last page 
and open that page on comeback?

--on write tab
top section not all the text is visible.
it is squeezing underneath right section.

maybe show in a multiple line - you call it wrap right?

these texts i am talking about -
The Saltwater Almanac  ·  Chapter III 
SAVED TO THE SHELF · 2M

B

I

U
¶ heading
" quote
⏱ sprint


বাংলাদেশকে ভালোবাসা এতো সহজ নয়। 
শকুনের দল, আপনার ইজ্জত নিয়ে লুটবে, পেটে লাথি মারবে, 
চোখের সামনে সন্তানকে অত্যাচার করবে, স্বামীকে অবর্ণনীয় কষ্ট সহ্য করতে হবে। 
কেস হবে, পুলিশ আসবে, মানুষ ঢিল মারবে, হয়তো একদিন আপনাকে মেরেও ফেলবে। 


--add picture
be able to drag and drop picture, 
move the picture around. 
text should automatically adjust and surround it 
if space available.
resize picture,
it should not distort the picture.


--notes not saving
--maybe it is not saving to the db
i add a note,
i can see it.
i refresh page, then vanish.


--border and scrolling

only chapter 1 - page,
i can see all the border.
other chapters i cannot see all the borders,
specially the bottom side and not able to scroll either.

actually when i focus on the chapter 1 page 
- then the red border is visible. 
but when i keep writing the bottom side are not no longer visible and scrollable. 
are you clear now?
the border should be responsive and adjustive to the text. 
after its initial height, it should expand with the text increasing.


drag and expanding the picture also moving the text 
from the sidebar. it should not affect the left side bar at all.

left sidebar should be independent of the other sections.
actually left/and middle section both should be independent. 

also resizing is not saving. 
it goes back to initial state after going away and revisit.

and maybe we can also introduce some of the options 
which were present in inkwell on the right section 
- which will also be collapsible 
- what do you think?

tell me how to describe to google,
to have the book sidebar collapse and expand option?

also tell me how to describe to create a new section on the right?


-- on full screen

image options does not work.

also describe me for google 
- why the left section is getting pushed down from top to some distance down?

discussion - we have option- notes, 
when i click on it, 
it nicely appears like opening from right to left transition. 
can't we have similar things, 
like when we will click on it,
it will open similarly.
but it will host many other less important options
like which are just statistics.


--chapter
--should have page level option.
like able to add pages inside chapter.
at the moment it is adding and stacking on the same page.
shouldn't we consider A4 page size for page 1,
when it fills up then create another page 2.
this way continue

--pdf export
should include all chapters

also include pdf bookmark with chapter title?



--multiple book preview
you may call it library

we need preview and edit options 
of multiple books of same users.
a user may start writing multiple books
-- edit options will open the book in bookwriter
use this \media\app_static\mastermind\books

so from now, the first landing page for bookwriter would be libarary, 
not the bookwriting optinos how it is at the moment. 
once a book is clicked 
then it will give editing option 
which will open that particular book 
with the book writer option.
are you clear?

it should show crumb like, book library
-->book selection then reading/editing option-->
reading/book editing>publication->book store
