--check

--permission request
ask for blanket permission once only.
it is annoying to accept too many permission request.
rather than individual file or small section


----database
whenever you need to create db table or column.
give me script, i will check and run myself.
never user alias when there is no collision among names
never user shortcut alias name.
use full name when possible

--create styling rule
make professional
do some research
minimal
fast
attractive
gen z proof
competitive styling
full of life
good feel
no amateur look. 
buttons and display should be polished. 
no dull and basic.
make it responsive for all kind of devices

--naming conventions
seo friendly name 
check variables, filename, functions, features.
all files css, js, ajax, html
use large descriptive name always.
do not use partial name or short name.
update documents
update troubleshooting documents
don't make file too large which would be harder to manage and modify.
split larger files into smaller unit and files.
split files when the feature is atomic and independent.
don't split inter-related or co-related jobs.


--attribute naming convention 
all attributes should have its id and name 

--check for bugs
check for bugs and bad code. 


--check code for faster and efficiency. 
Optimize code for speed and efficiency.
Avoid unnecessary or long logic for small tasks.
Ensure efficiency does not sacrifice the goal.
Achieve objectives without breaking the code.
Ensure the code is future bug-proof.
Keep the code burden-less and maintainable.
Deliver the same results through cleaner paths.
Eliminate waste without changing functionality or removing features.
Handle edge cases without leaving technical landmines.
Write simple code that is easy to read and maintain.

--immediate load
Show UI immediately, load data in background"
apply this to all interactions.

--faster load
load UI immediate, load data in the background
keep loading related data in the background.
ready to show the data once user asks.
proactive prefetch.

--modularise code
must modularise whenever possible.
check possibility. 
no lazy tries. 
Write once, reuse everywhere. 
no copy cat, duplicate code.
it stops bugs and reduces effort.



--create or update documentation
architecture, features, functions, and troubleshooting.
folders
\notes\claude\app_documentation\
\notes\claude\memory-training\

--bump cache + Collect-static + service worker cache


