messenger app - 
do some research on competitive apps - x/facebook/whatsapp.
i like whatsapp messaging style. 
is it possible we can do that here?

--deep research
do some deep research.
rather than editing and rushing. 
do some deep research. 
specially whatsapp then come back again


if i select to reply to message - how are you?
then i click reply, then in the reply message,
it should include how are you? and the reply.
if the the message is to big then show little preview of it.
just check how whatsapp does it?
you stupid little shit keep avoiding this. 

reply should show the preview of message. 
then clicking on that should take it to the original message.

are you clear?
every step of the flow:

Click reply on a message → reply preview bar shows with message text
Type reply and send → sent message includes quoted preview of original
Click the quoted preview → scrolls to original message

show date time on every message individually.
show receivers name on the top.
saying today, it should be date, day name, time on each message.
every message should have it's own bar at the bottom of each message.

also group the message by dates and day.
there should be some gap between different dates of messages.
it makes it easier to scroll through and find messages.

date format DD/MM/YYYY

not able to scroll through message.
the reply message preview for once.
if i move or refresh page, then it vanishes.
you are a magician.
you need to save which message has been replied to info.

--sent failure
on message sent failure.
it still should get on the senders's message board list.
then give option to resend or try again options.
when the network is available 
then it should send that message successfully.
on no network, it should still work right?
i will turn off the server.
then i will try to send message and check what happens?

--attachement
--picture
--link
--video--give warning video will be deleted after 1/7 day?
should we have video options at all? 
i am worried about expense and storage.
--it will reduce the storage pressure.

--emoji
emoji should be inside the message typing box?
make the message typing box wider?

--telegram
need to be able to clear all messages from everywhere.
it is to protect the sender/journalist. 
need to be able to clear all conversation.
need to be able to clear message periodically.
maybe 1/7/30/yearly.
auto delete.
clear conversation should clear from both sender and receiver.


when no network, testing. 
after refresh, on this url http://127.0.0.1:8001/messenger/ 
home post was loaded. so after refresh f5. 
the display becomes message and large icons showing. 
it means js and css file are always loaded from server, on every refresh. 
is that a good idea? 
the user experience will be so shitty. 
they will never come back.
double check logic.

--offline display
--no network display
when server was off. 
it needs to display page properly
cache still not loading properly when offline. 
we need to fix the offline display. 
when no network, offline, still it needs to display properly.
or at least say, no network blank page. 
but showing shitty display is not a solution.


--deep research
deep research. 
make it professional. 
no rush and check. 
check and check for unlimited time.
logic should be clean, clear, concise.
no duplicate codes.


no network message is being load with 
- send failure, try again notice in both sender and receiver.
if it failed to sent,
then how come receiver can see it?
it has to be logical operation.
sender needs to see the message sent first,
before receiver can see the message.


--right click options
none of them working.
make the working.
make plan.
do one by one.

--hybrid whatsapp and telegram
though we are copying the displaying mainly whatsapp style
some of the options we prefer from telegram.
so sender or receiver both will be able delete,
any messages sent by both party - sender and receiver.
also need a clear all messages options.

yes, both options, 
delete from me or delete for everyone for all messages. 
all the time. no expiry time for this option.
display style whatsapp. 
options hybrid -whatsapp+telegram


the bubbles have a speech tail/pointer shape. 
The sent bubble has a tail on the bottom-right, 
the received has a tail on the bottom-left. 
Like a comic speech bubble. 
Currently our bubbles just have a smaller border-radius on one corner — no actual tail.
lets make each message 

- message box color little bit prominent. 
lets test. 
how does it look. 
if i don't like it then will revert it.


--collapsible list
reduce the left side list of users's and increaser the actual messenger. 
maybe make it collapsible like nav menu.
when collapsed, 
just show the user's name, 
no preview of message.
collapsible icon should have left arrow right arrow sign. 
when not collapsed show left arrow, 
when collapsed show right arrow. 
options should be visible permanently.
basically, make the top action bar always visible.

you are collapsing the whole message from the right side too. 
you should collapse only left side to save some space. 
nothing else. 
left side top action bar should have chats 
or messenger label visible even when collapsed.

top bar should be fixed. 
even when scrolling should be visible.
chrome page - when the whole page scroll. 
then it goes out of sight.
inside scroll is fixed.



top right settings to auto delete options. 
make it bigger. 
icon is not correct. 
get the proper wheel icon for settings.

1 day, 7 day options has to look like 
under auto delete expandable menu options. 
at the moment looks like independent options. 
are you clear?

this settings need to be user based. means. 
one user it could 1 day. 
for another user it could be turned off. 

i am not impressed with the display styling of the options. 
it is dull, amateurish.

