--promo card
can we somehow advertise this on the home wall post? 
this debate section with details feature with snapshot of example - including for and against message. 
it will encourage user to join?
so everynew debate post should be available on the wall. 
on user's click it will redirect or on the same page.
just make it feel like inside of that topic but still on the home page?

this promo card needs to be latest and on the very top.
latest item means it was created as latest after the latest post. 
so naturally it should be on the top.
because it was posted as latest item.
we need similar promo card for every kind of article.
for example: news article, travel hub, poem, everything etc. 
even whatever is added in future.
it should display and promote in the home wall post.
every user should see it.
all future articles or item should be automatically promoted on the home wall post.


--tools promotion
we need to promote tools.
we may need to promote tools card randomly.
need share options. 
share on facebook/twitter/whatsapp/social media. 
same share options like home wall posts have.


--not organic home post
promo should have happen for all kind of article, cards, tools.
it should happen automatically.
there should be as i said before.
once when published.
and may times, randomly to promote. 
not just the latest 2.
sometimes random 2. 
this way we can expose all our features through home wall. 
people can just stay there and watch the show.
so kind of 3 different way - published time, latest, and random.


--promo appear and disappear
the promo card from news article, 
bangladesh and other places are permanently occupying the home wall posts. 
promo means promo. 
it is supposed to appear and disappear in between posts. 
each promo should be in between posts, not continuously occupying the post wall.
it is at the moment pushing the real posts all the way down after 30 minutes or so.
--algorithm
you need to make a clean algorithm about it. 
clean requirements, clean implementation. 
we cannot afford to fuck this up. 
because this is the brain. this mistake will cost us losing users.
--83% or more
posts should occupy 17% or more of the wall at bare minimum.
research and suggest.
other should come and go in that 35% or less area.
-- at least 1 promo
no, make at least 1 promo appear disappear alternatively. 
chose randomly but keep track of what appeared before, 
what should be next.
alternate categories.

--প্রচারিত label 
প্রচারিত don't need for our form's post or news article or poem. 
it should be only when we promote advertisement or any business. are you clear?

--research and suggest more.

--appearing on the top always
promo card is always appearing on top of the wall. 
this is not acceptable and it does not look natural.
it seems forced fed.
it could be sometimes second post or third post. 
it should be random right. 
appear suddenly but smooth transitions in between posts. 
user should not see this squeezing. 
while user has done some scrolling,
you should decide and make the wall posts order ready to display.
maybe make it ready for user,
when they logged in.
or comeback on app.
promo card can appear on Top,
only if they are new and latest.


--changing promo card
if a user already have seen or scrolled to a promo card.
then it is time to change the promo card. 
don't change it.
user maybe interested to look at it. 
if the user scrolls past then change. 
give it a minute or two if he is there.



--promo card for each forms.
promo general news promo card randomly.

--promo admin panel
i need a admin panel,
where i should be able to turn on or off promo,
for forms and article type.
this is not for individual article admin panel.
this is for type of promo allowed in the promo.
for example, in a busy day, i want to stop promo for poems.
i should have slider toggle button options like content dashboard.


--
lets modularise the promo cards and use them here later filtered by name. 
lets add photo on the right side of the card.
the preview cacrd and promo card they should be same.
same style - just filtered by writers