--textextractor
i want to preserve the text formatting from the file. 
would that be possible?

this should be admin feature only at the moment. 
add at the end another group and separation. 
label it as admin panel
add nav menu option "Text Extractor".
it should show all the processing details for input and output file details and process details.


actually found out page is not responsive.
i splitted the window that was forcing to overlay some of the box 
not just on text extractor for also on other pages. 
if the cards cannot fit in one row, they should flow to the next row. 
this is simple feature needed for all website. are you clear?

you have massive work ready. 
you should check every app, every functions, 
every forms, every card. 

put different section for input and output details. 
label should say input and output distinctively.
it should show full path and name not partial with ...

📄
fa57d1a5-8032-4cd2-92af-454e1ab2fd89_bangladesh constitution law-v03.pdf
.pdf
5.0 MB
web_upload
📥 D:\GoogleDrive\personal folder\Apps\amolnama_news\amolnama_…
📤 D:\GoogleDrive\personal folder\Apps\amolnama_news\amolnama_…

it needs a progress bar.

discussion, does compression makes the processing harder. 
for example, the file i am trying is large. 
maybe we need to try reduce the file size first.
then start processing the file. 
it will reduce the load.
what do you think?

need a option to clear or cancel jobs. no broken process. 
nothing should get stuck.

you are not putting processing date time. 
this is important. 
also showing the multiple logs. 
show only the latest files log on dashboard.

the extractor process should not freeze mouse.
i should be able to freely move around other nav options
and still come back and check the result.

no progress bar possible. we have one animated bar. 
i think, it is better to have like 1%, 2%,3% ... 
processed type of progress bar right?

it seems goes 92% then stuck. 
will try again. not cancelling. 
why cancelling is taking so long?

i cannot see any log details. 
when new file is uploaded. 
it should not show any more old log details. 
this is simple logic. 
do you understand that?
even if a job fails. 
i should be able to see the log details. 


--multiple files?
should we have options for multiple files?
all type of files upload all-together? 